yeah hi Claudia on my god I don't know
Amy you told me to contd oh yeah tell
they only open at seven I don't know if
she can do it they wanted Sam I said
I'll do whatever she don't think you can
do it is that a girl or a boy boy boy
scored 78 imperial impairing Oh full of
worms oh babe okay let me hold this
tough I want to see it in the light all
right TIFF I'll call you right back oh
my god ok goodbye ok you're so you this
is how you hold a puppy yes this is how
you hold the puppy you're gonna go and
have a nice life now hmm look at it baby
baby this little boy oh boy we need a
name that's a little boy how about
Spanky no um hello cute how about mickey
mickey Oh Mickey you're so friend Mickey
Mickey hi my piece of wood are usually
ever mini is that many girl ok Minnie
that's great mini anything wait then you
should've used to Disney perfect it's
too late where anything afternoon her
name is so hi Minnie can you what I
think can you pick up money so I can get
like a meanie minie Amy bring her own
later in the light cuz it comes up at it
forget it Carol Carol wants take a mom
why don't you me can you tap anymore she
does she goes that my said we can't baby
thank you so much Claudia are you where
are you from
I live in kendall oh you live in can do
so by this law dia why didn't you take
him all she wanted her cause you did
okay money when you pick them up was it
the same person in the picture you
picked it up from I think I saw her in a
car she was in the car there like five
people it was in front of that house
Thank across from the house nobody got a
license plate or anything huh okay in
the how do you live close by there
shouldn't kendo okay you saw it on
facebook and you ran it's a bad sign
never did a great job girls did a great
job do for you can somebody see how cute
thank you oh so it's Mickey and Minnie
and Gabriel oh I'd Gabriel and Audrey I
wanted to name one after
no babe TV Claudia Mickey know about
that at least feel like they may be
their forms I say we named it Claudia
and Clinton why not where'd you get
quite a funny face multi with the Seas
we have hold him from Italy did you do
one of these anything you may be Camilla
yes actually get a temp on her for me
okay gotcha I am to you for you know I
have grain considered what these guys
are what this brindle is a boxer color
oh we a buck so I'm day a boxer Ronnie's
cuz she's got the white star in her face
in the white toes or boxer traits see
you a boxer Rocky oh the run boxers in
there yeah monsters go and Evander yeah
Clinton Oh buddy that's crotty I
wonderful i got a nice warm bed for them
that's Clinton ya can't look at words
making yeah look at something is no more
making oh I'm so confused it is Clinton
orc warrior the brindle's okay okay and
they include of the Audrey honestly and
just like my money Claudia yeah Andrew
Andrea and gave me always we're all kind
of usually named it San go-getter no I
could put the Beasties together Oh
beasties oh look that's that's your good
one that's your coffin oh my god oh sure
if that's your tough boy that's the
puppy that I like the black what's that
I like the one that are sort of haha
that's funny oh it's a little whoo oh
yeah there's lots of worms really oh
yeah oh well well it's or norms yeah
tapes of those tapes probably i have the
other six look at this week y'all go and
told you there's a puppy that says the
one that if I was getting into August
the don't I choose a naughty ones
actually this doesn't look like worms it
actually that looks like rice hmm oh and
like I how does she yeah yeah watch me
have you guys do you go oh you are so
naughty i like you you're the bad boy me
giggle with these look at this little
guy please don't but I'm thrusting oh my
god domina name I know I think overall
great shape very good shape they really
really are terrible um so when I start
Thank I and so people tonight just give
them fat and keep an eye on one of us
will be here before what time you need
to be out of here I i we close at eight
tag will be out yeah but like if you
want to come to 63 that's fine it's just
you know last time there was some
miscommunication was here later I drove
a doctor's appointment at nine thirty I
can't miss it I would just scheduled it
so I need to be in Boca so can't be any
later than 830 all right here let's look
at them going to town look we're so
hungry they are just starting to gifts
hmm so we don't get much food in Miami
we get leftovers yeah
watch your feet watch your tail there we
go nighty night baby Simon are gonna be
fine ladies thank you so much we're
leaving well I quit you're not a possum
is it it's at all possible try to foster
them in pairs or as a group yeah it's
socially better for them I know been
raising them as single tips because when
we isolate them and raised on herpes by
themselves they don't take their dogs I
know